# Why-Saree-is-an-evergreen-Attire-
It is one of the oldest trend attire of India it never lost its charm it has been in trend all time. Many bollywood divas have praised saree is an evergreen attire of its beauty at one time or the other. While some like Kareena Kapoor flaunts her figure in it, some glam dolls like Deepika Padukone adore it and some like Rekha and Vidhya Balan exude elegance on it. Yes, we are taking about the Indian wonder of nine yards- Saree. Appreciated worldwide: Saree is used by Indian women &amp; women from other countries as well. As it is traditionally worn in India, Sri Lanka, Pakistan, Bangladesh &amp; Nepal. It is quite popular in Malaysia and Singapore too and western women have also taken to wearing them at times. saree is an evergreen attire Women from USA, Canada, UK, Australia often like to wear it. Perfect for all Seasons: There are varieties of fabric a saree could have. For summers Cotton sarees are evergreen but you can opt Khadi, Chiffon, Net or Linen. For winters Silk sarees are obviously the best but something heavy like velvet would also be a good choice. Monsoon go for the ones which dry easily like Georgette, Poly-georgette and Chiffon as they help your skin to breathe and keeps you fresh also, these are light and easy to carry. There are varieties of other fabrics as well like Crepe, Rayon etc. At Present , Ikat sarees, floral sarees, digital printed linen saree are in trend. Image for post Traditional Maheshwari Saree It is traditional dress and it is contemporary dress as well: You can not restrict a saree by the kind of event you are attending. It can be worn traditionally at weddings, festivals, family functions, puja, etc. and you can wear designer glamorous saree and slay it at parties, receptions, get-togethers, re-unions, etc. on the other hand you can wear plain elegant saree at corporate events, meetings, seminars, etc and keep your look formal. A universal constant: The saree is universal constant, this means any women can wear it irrespective of their age, color, caste, class, size, etc. A grandmother can share her saree to her granddaughter and they both can carry off the same saree with equal charm both can differ their whole saree look by adding up accessories like earrings, neck piece, etc. according to them. ‘Beautiful saree is approached not only by a conservative dresser but also a fashionista.’ These were the main reasons why saree is called as an evergreen attire. Tips to quirk up your saree look: You can drape two or more sarees together to create a new different look. Try keeping colour of both the sarees in contrast it will help you to be centre of talking and look like a diva. You can drape a saree as a gown without stitching and make it look something extraordinary. You can team up your saree with denims, jeans, jeggings and skirts. Even with sharara, churidar and dhoti. also, wear sneakers or boots to complete your look or add a leather belt or any other waist belt to make a style statement. To make your saree outfit look casual, wear a blazer or full length shrug over it. You can drape any scarf over your tube bra to make tube top blouse this hack will help you to have variety of tube top blouses. There is nothing quirkier than putting your everyday clothes to use when wearing a saree. Try wearing your basic tops and t-shirts with your saree. Bell sleeves, off shoulders, Ruffled tops and the most basic Polo neck top will go best with the indo-western fusion look. Image for post Traditional essentials your wardrobe should have: Desi jewellery like traditional jhumkas, maang teeka, payals, choker, etc. Golden or Multicoloured blouse. Multicoloured or bandhani dupatta. Long skirt. Anarkali suit. Jhola bag and clutch. Jutti or any other traditional footwear. Lehenga chholi. Printed plazzo, patiyala salwar. Last but not the least, A beautiful Saree. Blog Written By: Sunita Kabra
